a,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/a_1
abandon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/abandon_1
abandoned,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/abandoned
ability,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ability_1
able,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/able
about,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/about_1
above,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/above_1
abroad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/abroad
absence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/absence
absent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/absent_1
absolute,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/absolute_1
absolutely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/absolutely
absorb,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/absorb
abuse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/abuse_1
academic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/academic_1
accent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accent_1
accept,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accept
acceptable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/acceptable
access,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/access_1
accident,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accident
accidental,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accidental
accompany,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accompany
according to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/according-to
account,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/account_1
accurate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accurate
accuse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/accuse
achieve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/achieve
achievement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/achievement
acid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/acid_1
acknowledge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/acknowledge
acquire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/acquire
across,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/across_1
act,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/act_1
action,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/action
active,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/active_1
activist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/activist
activity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/activity
actor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/actor
actress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/actress
actual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/actual
actually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/actually
ad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ad
adapt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adapt
add,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/add_1
addition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/addition
additional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/additional
address,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/address_1
add up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/add-up
adequate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adequate
adjust,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adjust
administration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/administration
admiration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/admiration
admire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/admire
admit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/admit
adopt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adopt
adult,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adult_1
advance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advance_1
advanced,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advanced
advantage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advantage_1
adventure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/adventure
advertise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advertise
advertisement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advertisement
advertising,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advertising
advice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advice
advise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/advise
affair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/affair
affect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/affect
affection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/affection
afford,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/afford
afraid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/afraid
after,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/after_1
afternoon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/afternoon
afterward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/afterward
again,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/again
against,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/against
age,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/age_1
aged,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aged
agency,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/agency
agenda,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/agenda
agent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/agent
aggressive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aggressive
ago,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ago
agree,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/agree
agreement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/agreement
ahead,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ahead
aid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aid_1
aim,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aim_1
air,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/air_1
aircraft,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aircraft
airport,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/airport
alarm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alarm_1
alarmed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alarmed
alarming,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alarming
alcohol,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alcohol
alcoholic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alcoholic_1
alive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alive
all,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/all_1
allied,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/allied
allow of,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/allow-of
ally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ally_2
almost,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/almost
alone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alone
along,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/along_1
alongside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alongside
aloud,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aloud
alphabet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alphabet
alphabetical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alphabetical
already,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/already
also,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/also
alter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alter
alternative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alternative_1
alternatively,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/alternatively
although,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/although
altogether,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/altogether_1
always,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/always
a.m.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/a-m
amaze,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amaze
amazed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amazed
amazing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amazing
ambition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ambition
ambulance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ambulance
among,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/among
amount,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amount_1
amuse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amuse
amused,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amused
amusing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/amusing
an,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/an
analysis,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/analysis
analyze,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/analyze
ancient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ancient
and,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/and
anger,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anger_1
angle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/angle_1
angry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/angry
animal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/animal_1
ankle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ankle
anniversary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anniversary
announce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/announce
announcement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/announcement
annoy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/annoy
annoyed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/annoyed
annoying,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/annoying
annual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/annual_1
annually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/annually
another,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/another
answer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/answer_1
anti-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anti_2
anticipate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anticipate
anxiety,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anxiety
anxious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anxious
any,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/any_1
anymore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anymore
anyone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anyone
anything,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anything
anyway,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anyway
anywhere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/anywhere
apart,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apart
apart from,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apart-from
apartment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apartment
apologize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apologize
apparently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apparently
appeal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appeal_1
appear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appear
appearance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appearance
apple,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apple
application,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/application
apply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/apply
appoint,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appoint
appointment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appointment
appreciate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appreciate
approach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approach_1
appropriate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/appropriate_1
approval,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approval
approve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approve
approving,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approving
approximate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approximate_1
approximately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/approximately
April,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/april
area,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/area
argue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/argue
argument,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/argument
arise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arise
arm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arm_1
armed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/armed
arms,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arms
army,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/army
around,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/around_1
arrange,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrange
arrangement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrangement
arrest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrest_1
arrival,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrival
arrive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrive
arrow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/arrow
art,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/art_1
article,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/article
artificial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/artificial
artist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/artist
artistic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/artistic
as,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/as_1
ashamed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ashamed
aside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aside_1
aside from,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aside-from
ask,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ask
asleep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/asleep
aspect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aspect
assist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/assist_1
assistance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/assistance
assistant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/assistant_1
associate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/associate_1
association,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/association
assume,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/assume
assure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/assure
at,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/at
atmosphere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/atmosphere
atom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/atom
attach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attach
attached,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attached
attack,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attack_1
attempt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attempt_1
attempted,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attempted
attend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attend
attention,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attention_1
attitude,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attitude
attorney,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attorney
attract,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attract
attraction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attraction
attractive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/attractive
audience,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/audience
August,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/august_2
aunt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aunt
author,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/author_1
authority,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/authority
automatic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/automatic_1
available,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/available
average,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/average_1
avoid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/avoid
awake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/awake_1
award,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/award_1
aware,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/aware
away,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/away
awful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/awful_1
awkward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/awkward
baby,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/baby_1
back,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/back_1
background,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/background
backward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/backward_1
bacteria,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bacteria
bad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bad_1
badly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/badly
bag,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bag_1
baggage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/baggage
bake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bake
balance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/balance_1
ball,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ball_1
ban,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ban_1
band,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/band_1
bandage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bandage_1
bank,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bank_1
bar,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bar_1
barely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/barely
bargain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bargain_1
barrier,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/barrier
base,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/base_1
baseball,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/baseball
basic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/basic_1
basically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/basically
basis,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/basis
basketball,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/basketball
bath,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bath
bathroom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bathroom
battery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/battery
battle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/battle_1
bay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bay_1
be,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/be_1
beach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beach_1
beak,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beak
bear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bear_1
beard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beard
beat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beat_1
beautiful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beautiful
beautifully,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beautifully
beauty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beauty
because,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/because
become,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/become
bed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bed_1
bedroom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bedroom_1
beef,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beef_1
beer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beer
before,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/before_1
begin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/begin
beginning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beginning
behalf,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/behalf
behave,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/behave
behavior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/behavior
behind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/behind_1
belief,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/belief
believe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/believe
bell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bell
belong,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/belong
below,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/below_1
belt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/belt_1
bend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bend_1
beneath,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beneath
benefit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/benefit_1
bent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bent_1
beside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beside
best,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/best_1
bet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bet_1
better,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/better_1
between,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/between_1
beyond,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/beyond_1
bicycle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bicycle_1
bid 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bid1_1
big,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/big_1
bill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bill_1
biology,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/biology
bird,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bird_1
birth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/birth
birthday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/birthday
bit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bit
bite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bite_1
bitter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bitter_1
bitterly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bitterly
black,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/black_1
blade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blade
blame,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blame_1
blank,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blank_1
blind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blind_1
block,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/block_1
blond,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blond_1
blood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blood
blow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blow_1
blue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/blue_1
board,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/board_1
boat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boat
body,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/body
boil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boil_1
bomb,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bomb_1
bond,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bond_1
bone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bone_1
book,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/book_1
boot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boot_1
border,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/border_1
bore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bore_1
bored,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bored
boring,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boring
born,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/born_1
borrow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/borrow
boss,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boss_1
both,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/both
bother,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bother_1
bottle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bottle_1
bottom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bottom_1
bound,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bound_1
bowl,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bowl_1
box,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/box_1
boy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boy_1
boyfriend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/boyfriend
brain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brain_1
branch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/branch_1
brand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brand_1
brave,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brave_1
bread,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bread
break,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/break_1
breakfast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breakfast_1
break in,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/break-in_2
breast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breast_1
breath,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breath
breathe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breathe
breathing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breathing
breed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/breed_1
brick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brick_1
bridge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bridge_1
brief,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brief_1
briefly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/briefly
bright,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bright_1
brilliant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brilliant
bring,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bring
broad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/broad_1
broadcast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/broadcast_1
broadly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/broadly
broken,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/broken
brother,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brother_1
brown,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brown_1
brush,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/brush_1
bubble,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bubble_1
budget,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/budget_1
build,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/build_1
building,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/building
bullet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bullet
bunch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bunch_1
burn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/burn_1
burn down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/burn-down
burst,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/burst_1
bury,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bury
bus,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bus_1
bush,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/bush
business,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/business
businessman,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/businessman
c.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/c_1
cabinet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cabinet
cable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cable_1
cake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cake_1
calculate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/calculate
calculation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/calculation
call,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/call_1
call back,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/call-back
calm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/calm_1
calm down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/calm-down
camera,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/camera
camp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/camp_1
campaign,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/campaign_1
can 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/can1
can 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/can2_1
cancel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cancel
cancer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cancer_1
candidate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/candidate
candy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/candy
cap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cap_1
capable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/capable
capacity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/capacity
capital,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/capital_1
captain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/captain_1
capture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/capture_1
car,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/car
card,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/card_1
care,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/care_1
career,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/career_1
careful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/careful
careless,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/careless
carpet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/carpet_1
carrot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/carrot
carry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/carry
carry on,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/carry-on_2
case,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/case_1
cash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cash_1
cast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cast_1
cat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cat
catch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/catch_1
category,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/category
cattle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cattle
cause,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cause_2
CD,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cd
cease,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cease
ceiling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ceiling
celebrate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/celebrate
celebration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/celebration
cell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cell
cell phone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cell-phone
cent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cent_1
center,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/center_1
centimeter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/centimeter
central,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/central
century,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/century
ceremony,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ceremony
certain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/certain_1
certainly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/certainly
certificate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/certificate
chain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chain_1
chair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chair_1
chairman,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chairman
chairwoman,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chairwoman
challenge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/challenge_1
chamber,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chamber
chance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chance_1
change,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/change_1
channel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/channel_1
chapter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chapter
character,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/character
characteristic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/characteristic_1
charge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/charge_1
charity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/charity
chart,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chart_1
chase,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chase_1
chat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chat_1
cheap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cheap_1
cheaply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cheaply
cheat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cheat_1
check,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/check_1
cheerful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cheerful
cheese,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cheese
chemical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chemical_1
chemist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chemist
chemistry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chemistry
chest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chest
chew,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chew_1
chicken,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chicken_1
chief,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chief_1
child,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/child
childhood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/childhood
chin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chin
chip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chip_1
chocolate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chocolate
choice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/choice_1
choose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/choose
chop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/chop_1
church,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/church
cigarette,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cigarette
circle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/circle_1
circumstance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/circumstance
citizen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/citizen
city,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/city
civil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/civil
claim,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/claim_1
class,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/class_1
classic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/classic_1
classroom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/classroom
clean,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clean_1
clear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clear_1
clearly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clearly
clear out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clear-out
clerk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clerk_1
click,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/click_1
client,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/client
climate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/climate
climb,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/climb_1
clock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clock_1
close 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/close1_1
close 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/close2_1
closed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/closed
closet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/closet_1
cloth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cloth
clothes,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clothes
clothing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/clothing
cloud,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cloud_1
club,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/club_1
cm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cm
coach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coach_1
coal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coal
coast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coast_1
coat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coat_1
code,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/code_1
coffee,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coffee
coin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coin_1
cold,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cold_1
coldly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/coldly
collapse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/collapse_1
colleague,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/colleague
collect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/collect_1
collection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/collection
college,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/college
color,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/color_1
column,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/column
combination,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/combination
combine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/combine_1
come,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/come_1
come about,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/come-about
come away,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/come-away
comedy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comedy
come on,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/come-on_2
come over,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/come-over
comfort,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comfort_1
comfortable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comfortable
comfortably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comfortably
command,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/command_1
comment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comment_1
commercial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/commercial_1
commission,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/commission_1
commit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/commit
commitment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/commitment
committee,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/committee
common,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/common_1
commonly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/commonly
communicate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/communicate
communication,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/communication
community,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/community
company,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/company
compare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/compare_1
comparison,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/comparison
compete,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/compete
competition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/competition
competitive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/competitive
complain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/complain
complete,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/complete_1
completely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/completely
complex,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/complex_1
complicate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/complicate
complicated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/complicated
component,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/component
computer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/computer
concentrate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concentrate_1
concentration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concentration
concept,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concept
concern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concern_1
concerned,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concerned
concerning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concerning
concert,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concert
conclude,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conclude
conclusion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conclusion
concrete,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/concrete_2
condition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/condition_1
conduct,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conduct_1
conference,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conference
confidence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confidence
confident,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confident
confirm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confirm
conflict,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conflict_1
confront,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confront
confuse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confuse
confused,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confused
confusing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confusing
confusion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/confusion
congratulation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/congratulation
congress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/congress
connect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/connect
connection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/connection
conscious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conscious
consequence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consequence
conservative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conservative_1
consider,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consider
considerable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/considerable
considerably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/considerably
consideration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consideration
consist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consist
consistent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consistent
constant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/constant_1
constantly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/constantly
construct,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/construct_1
construction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/construction
consult,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consult
consumer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/consumer
contact,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contact_1
contain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contain
container,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/container
contemporary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contemporary_1
content 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/content1
contest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contest_1
context,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/context
continent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/continent
continue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/continue
continuous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/continuous
contract,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contract_1
contrast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contrast_1
contrasting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contrasting
contribute,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contribute
contribution,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/contribution
control,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/control_1
controlled,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/controlled
convenient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/convenient
convention,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/convention
conventional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conventional
conversation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/conversation
convert,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/convert_1
convince,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/convince
cook,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cook_1
cookie,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cookie
cooking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cooking_1
cool,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cool_1
cooperation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cooperation
cope,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cope_1
copy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/copy_1
core,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/core_1
corner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/corner_1
correct,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/correct_1
cost,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cost_1
cottage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cottage
cotton,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cotton_1
cough,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cough_1
could,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/could
council,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/council
count,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/count_1
counter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/counter_1
country,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/country
countryside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/countryside
county,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/county
couple,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/couple_1
courage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/courage
course,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/course_1
court,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/court_1
cousin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cousin
cover,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cover_1
covered,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/covered
covering,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/covering
cow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cow_1
crack,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crack_1
cracked,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cracked
craft,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/craft_1
crash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crash_1
crazy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crazy_1
cream,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cream_1
create,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/create
creation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/creation
creative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/creative_1
creature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/creature
credit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/credit_1
credit card,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/credit-card
crime,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crime
criminal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/criminal_1
crisis,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crisis
crisp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crisp_1
criterion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/criterion
critic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/critic
critical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/critical
criticism,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/criticism
criticize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/criticize
crop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crop_1
cross,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cross_1
crowd,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crowd_1
crowded,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crowded
crown,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crown_1
crucial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crucial
cruel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cruel
crush,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/crush_1
cry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cry_1
ct.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ct_1
cultural,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cultural
culture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/culture_1
cup,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cup_1
cupboard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cupboard
cure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cure_1
curious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curious
curl,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curl_1
curl up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curl-up
curly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curly
current,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/current_1
currently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/currently
curtain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curtain_1
curve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curve_1
curved,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/curved
custom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/custom_1
customer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/customer
customs,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/customs
cut,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cut_1
cut down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cut-down_2
cute,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cute
cycle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cycle_1
cycling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/cycling
dad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dad
daily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/daily_1
damage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/damage_1
damp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/damp_1
dance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dance_1
dancer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dancer
dancing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dancing
danger,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/danger
dangerous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dangerous
dare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dare_1
dark,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dark_1
data,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/data
date,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/date_1
date back,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/date-back
daughter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/daughter
day,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/day
dead,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dead_1
deaf,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deaf
deal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deal_1
dear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dear_1
death,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/death
debate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/debate_1
debt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/debt
decade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decade
decay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decay_1
December,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/december
decent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decent
decide,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decide
decision,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decision
declare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/declare
decline,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decline_1
decorate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decorate
decoration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decoration
decorative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decorative
decrease,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/decrease_2
deep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deep_1
deeply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deeply
defeat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/defeat_1
defend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/defend
defense,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/defense
define,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/define
definite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/definite_1
definitely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/definitely
definition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/definition
degree,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/degree
delay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/delay_1
deliberate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deliberate_1
deliberately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deliberately
delicate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/delicate
delight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/delight_1
deliver,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deliver
delivery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/delivery
demand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/demand_1
democracy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/democracy
democratic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/democratic
demonstrate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/demonstrate
demonstration,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/demonstration
dentist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/dentist
deny,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deny
department,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/department
departure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/departure
depend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depend
depend on/upon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depend-on-upon
deposit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/deposit_1
depress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depress
depressed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depressed
depressing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depressing
depth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/depth
derive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/derive
derive from,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/derive-from
each,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/each
each other,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/each-other
eager,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eager
ear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ear
early,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/early_1
earn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/earn
earth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/earth
ease,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ease_1
easily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/easily
east,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/east_1
eastern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eastern
easy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/easy_1
eat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eat
eat up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eat-up
economic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/economic
economics,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/economics
economy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/economy
edge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/edge_1
edition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/edition
editor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/editor
educate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/educate
educated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/educated
education,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/education
educational,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/educational
effect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/effect_1
effective,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/effective
effectively,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/effectively
efficient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/efficient
effort,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/effort
e.g.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/e-g
egg,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/egg_1
either,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/either_1
elbow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elbow_1
elderly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elderly
elect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elect_1
election,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/election
electric,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/electric_1
electrical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/electrical
electricity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/electricity
electronic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/electronic
elegant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elegant
element,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/element
elevator,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elevator
eliminate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eliminate
else,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/else
elsewhere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/elsewhere
e-mail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/e-mail_1
embarrass,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/embarrass
embarrassed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/embarrassed
embarrassing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/embarrassing
embarrassment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/embarrassment
emerge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emerge
emergency,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emergency
emotion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emotion
emotional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emotional
emphasis,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emphasis
emphasize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/emphasize
empire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/empire
employ,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/employ_1
employee,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/employee
employer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/employer
employment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/employment
empty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/empty_1
enable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enable
encounter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/encounter_1
encourage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/encourage
encouragement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/encouragement
end,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/end_1
ending,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ending
enemy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enemy
energy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/energy
engage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/engage
engaged,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/engaged
engine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/engine
engineer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/engineer_1
engineering,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/engineering
enjoy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enjoy
enjoyable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enjoyable
enjoyment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enjoyment
enormous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enormous
enough,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enough_1
ensure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ensure
enter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enter
entertain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entertain
entertainer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entertainer
entertaining,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entertaining
entertainment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entertainment
enthusiasm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enthusiasm
enthusiastic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/enthusiastic
entire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entire
entirely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entirely
entitle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entitle
entrance 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entrance1
entry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/entry
envelope,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/envelope
environment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/environment
environmental,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/environmental
equal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/equal_1
equally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/equally
equipment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/equipment
equivalent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/equivalent_1
era,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/era
error,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/error
escape,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/escape_1
especially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/especially
essay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/essay_1
essential,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/essential_1
essentially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/essentially
establish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/establish
estate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/estate
estimate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/estimate_2
etc.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/etc
ethnic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ethnic_1
even,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/even_1
evening,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/evening
event,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/event
eventually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eventually
ever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ever
every,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/every
everyone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/everyone
everything,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/everything
everywhere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/everywhere
evidence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/evidence_1
evil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/evil_1
ex-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ex_2
exact,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exact_1
exactly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exactly
exaggerate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exaggerate
exaggerated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exaggerated
exam,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exam
examination,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/examination
examine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/examine
example,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/example
excellent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excellent
except,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/except_1
exception,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exception
exchange,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exchange_1
excite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excite
excited,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excited
excitement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excitement
exciting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exciting
exclude,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exclude
excluding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excluding
excuse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/excuse_1
executive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/executive_1
exercise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exercise_1
exhibit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exhibit_1
exhibition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exhibition
exist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exist
existence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/existence
exit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/exit_1
expand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expand
expect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expect
expectation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expectation
expected,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expected
expense,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expense
expensive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expensive
experience,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/experience_1
experienced,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/experienced
experiment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/experiment_1
expert,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expert_1
explain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/explain
explanation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/explanation
explode,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/explode
explore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/explore
explosion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/explosion
export,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/export_1
expose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expose_2
express,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/express_1
expression,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/expression
extend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extend
extension,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extension
extensive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extensive
extent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extent
extra,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extra_1
extraordinary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extraordinary
extreme,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extreme_1
extremely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/extremely
eye,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/eye_1
face,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/face_1
facility,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/facility
fact,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fact
factor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/factor_1
factory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/factory
fail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fail_1
failure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/failure
faint,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/faint_1
fair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fair_1
fairly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fairly
faith,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/faith
faithful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/faithful
faithfully,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/faithfully
fall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fall_1
false,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/false
fame,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fame
familiar,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/familiar
family,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/family_1
famous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/famous
fan,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fan_1
fancy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fancy_1
far,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/far_1
farm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/farm_1
farmer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/farmer
farming,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/farming
farther,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/farther_1
farthest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/farthest_1
fashion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fashion_1
fashionable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fashionable
fast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fast_1
fasten,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fasten
fat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fat_1
father,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/father_1
fault,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fault_1
favor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/favor_1
favorite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/favorite_1
fear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fear_1
feather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/feather_1
feature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/feature_1
February,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/february
federal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/federal
fee,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fee
feed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/feed_1
feel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/feel_1
feeling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/feeling
fellow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fellow_1
female,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/female_1
fence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fence_1
festival,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/festival
fever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fever
few,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/few_1
field,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/field_1
fight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fight_1
figure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/figure_1
file,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/file_1
fill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fill_1
fill up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fill-up_2
film,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/film_1
final,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/final_1
finally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finally
finance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finance_1
financial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/financial
find,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/find_1
find out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/find-out
fine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fine_1
finely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finely
finger,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finger_1
finish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finish_1
finished,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/finished
fire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fire_1
firm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/firm_1
firmly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/firmly
first,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/first_1
fish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fish_1
fishing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fishing
fit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fit_1
fix,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fix_1
fixed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fixed
flag,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flag_1
flame,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flame_1
flash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flash_1
flat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flat_1
flavor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flavor_1
flesh,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flesh_1
flight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flight
float,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/float_1
flood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flood_1
floor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/floor_1
flour,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flour_1
flow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flow_1
flower,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flower_1
flu,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flu
fly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fly_1
flying,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/flying_1
focus,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/focus_1
fold,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fold_1
folding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/folding
folk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/folk_1
follow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/follow
following,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/following_1
food,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/food
foot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/foot_1
football,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/football
for,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/for_1
force,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/force_1
forecast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forecast_1
foreign,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/foreign
forest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forest
forever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forever
forget,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forget
forgive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forgive
fork,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fork_1
form,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/form_1
formal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/formal
former,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/former
formerly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/formerly
formula,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/formula
fortune,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fortune
forward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/forward_1
found,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/found
foundation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/foundation
frame,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frame_1
free,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/free_1
freedom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/freedom
freely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/freely
freeze,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/freeze_1
frequent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frequent_1
frequently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frequently
fresh,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fresh_1
freshly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/freshly
Friday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/friday
friend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/friend
friendly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/friendly
friendship,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/friendship
frighten,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frighten
frightened,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frightened
frightening,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frightening
from,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/from
front,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/front_1
frozen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/frozen
fruit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fruit_1
fry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fry_1
fuel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fuel_1
full,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/full_1
fully,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fully
fun,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fun_1
function,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/function_1
fund,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fund_1
fundamental,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fundamental_1
funeral,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/funeral
funny,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/funny
fur,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/fur
furniture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/furniture
further,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/further_1
furthest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/furthest
future,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/future_1
g,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/g_3
gain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gain_1
gallon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gallon
gamble,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gamble_1
gambling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gambling
game,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/game_1
gap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gap
garage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/garage_1
garbage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/garbage
garden,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/garden_1
gas,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gas_1
gasoline,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gasoline
gate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gate
gather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gather
gay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gay_1
gear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gear_1
gene,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gene
general,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/general_1
generally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/generally
generate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/generate
generation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/generation
generous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/generous
gentle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gentle
gentleman,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gentleman
gently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gently
genuine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/genuine
geography,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/geography
get,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/get
get along with,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/get-along-with
get off,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/get-off
giant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/giant_1
gift,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gift_1
girl,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/girl
girlfriend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/girlfriend
give,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/give_1
glad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/glad
glass,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/glass_1
global,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/global
glove,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/glove
glue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/glue_1
gm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gm
go,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/go_1
goal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/goal
god,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/god
gold,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gold_1
good,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/good_1
goodbye,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/goodbye
goods,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/goods
govern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/govern
government,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/government
governor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/governor
grab,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grab_1
grade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grade_1
gradual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gradual
gradually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gradually
graduate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/graduate_1
grain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grain
gram,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/gram
grammar,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grammar
grand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grand_1
grandchild,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grandchild
granddaughter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/granddaughter
grandfather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grandfather_1
grandmother,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/grandmother
habit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/habit
hair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hair
hairdresser,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hairdresser
half,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/half_1
hall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hall
hammer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hammer_1
hand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hand_1
handle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/handle_1
hang,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hang_1
happen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/happen
happily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/happily
happy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/happy
hard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hard_1
hardly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hardly
harm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/harm_1
harmful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/harmful
harmless,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/harmless
hat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hat
hate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hate_1
hatred,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hatred
have,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/have_1
have to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/have-to
he,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/he_1
head,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/head_1
headache,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/headache
heal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heal
health,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/health
healthy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/healthy
hear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hear
hear from,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hear-from
hearing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hearing
hear of,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hear-of
heart,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heart
heat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heat_1
heating,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heating
heaven,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heaven
heavily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heavily
heavy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heavy_1
heel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/heel_1
height,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/height
hell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hell
hello,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hello
help,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/help_1
helpful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/helpful
help out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/help-out
her,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/her_1
here,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/here_1
hero,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hero
hers,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hers
herself,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/herself
hesitate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hesitate
hi,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hi_1
hide,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hide_1
high,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/high_1
highlight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/highlight_1
highly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/highly
high school,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/high-school
highway,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/highway
hill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hill
him,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/him
himself,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/himself
hip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hip_1
hire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hire_1
his,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/his_1
historical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/historical
history,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/history
hit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hit_1
hobby,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hobby
hold,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hold_1
hold on,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hold-on
hole,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hole_1
holiday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/holiday
hollow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hollow_1
holy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/holy
home,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/home_1
homework,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/homework
honest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/honest
honestly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/honestly
honor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/honor_1
hook,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hook_1
hope,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hope_1
hopefully,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hopefully
horizontal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/horizontal_1
horn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/horn_1
horror,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/horror
horse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/horse_1
hospital,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hospital
host,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/host_1
hot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hot
hotel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hotel
hour,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hour
house,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/house_1
household,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/household
housing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/housing
how,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/how
however,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/however
huge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/huge
human,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/human_1
humor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/humor_1
humorous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/humorous
hungry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hungry
hunt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hunt_1
hunting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hunting
hurry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hurry_1
hurt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/hurt_1
husband,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/husband_1
I,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/i_2
ice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ice_1
ice cream,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ice-cream
idea,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/idea
ideal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ideal_1
identify,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/identify
identity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/identity
i.e.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/i-e
if,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/if_1
ignore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ignore
ill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ill_1
illegal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/illegal_1
illness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/illness
illustrate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/illustrate
image,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/image
imaginary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/imaginary
imagination,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/imagination
imagine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/imagine
immediate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/immediate
immediately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/immediately
immoral,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/immoral
impact,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impact_1
impatient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impatient
implication,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/implication
imply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/imply
import,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/import_1
importance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/importance
important,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/important
impose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impose
impossible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impossible
impress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impress
impressed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impressed
impression,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impression
impressive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/impressive
improve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/improve
improvement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/improvement
in,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/in_2
inability,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inability
inch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inch_1
incident,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/incident
include,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/include
including,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/including
income,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/income
increase,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/increase_2
increasingly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/increasingly
indeed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indeed
independence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/independence
independent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/independent_1
index,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/index_1
indicate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indicate
indication,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indication
indirect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indirect
individual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/individual_1
indoor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indoor
indoors,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/indoors
industrial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/industrial
industry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/industry
inevitable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inevitable
inevitably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inevitably
infect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/infect
infected,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/infected
infection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/infection
infectious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/infectious
influence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/influence_1
inform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inform
informal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/informal
information,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/information
ingredient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ingredient
initial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/initial_1
initially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/initially
initiative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/initiative
injure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/injure
injured,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/injured
injury,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/injury
ink,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ink_1
inner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inner
innocent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/innocent_1
inquiry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inquiry
insect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/insect
inside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/inside_1
insist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/insist
install,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/install
instance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/instance_1
instead,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/instead
instead of,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/instead-of
institute,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/institute_1
institution,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/institution
instruction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/instruction_1
instrument,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/instrument
insult,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/insult_1
insulting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/insulting
insurance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/insurance
intellectual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intellectual_1
intelligence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intelligence
intelligent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intelligent
intend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intend
intended,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intended
intense,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intense
intention,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/intention
interest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interest_1
interested,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interested
interesting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interesting
interior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interior_1
internal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/internal
international,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/international_1
Internet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/internet
interpret,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interpret
interpretation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interpretation
interrupt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interrupt
interruption,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interruption
interval,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interval
interview,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/interview_1
into,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/into
introduce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/introduce
invent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/invent
invention,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/invention
invest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/invest
investigate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/investigate
investigation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/investigation
investment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/investment
invitation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/invitation
invite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/invite_1
involve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/involve
involved,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/involved
involvement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/involvement
iron,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/iron_1
irritate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/irritate
irritated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/irritated
island,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/island
issue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/issue_1
it,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/it_1
item,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/item
its,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/its
itself,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/itself
jacket,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jacket
jail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jail_1
January,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/january
jealous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jealous
jeans,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jeans
jelly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jelly
jewelry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jewelry
job,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/job_1
join,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/join_1
join in,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/join-in
joint,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/joint_1
joke,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/joke_1
journalist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/journalist
journey,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/journey_1
joy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/joy
judge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/judge_1
judgment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/judgment
juice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/juice_1
July,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/july
jump,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jump_1
June,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/june
junior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/junior_1
jury,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/jury
just,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/just_1
justice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/justice
justified,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/justified
justify,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/justify
K,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/k_1
keen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/keen_1
keep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/keep_1
keep out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/keep-out
keep out of,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/keep-out-of
key,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/key_1
keyboard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/keyboard_1
kick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kick_1
kid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kid_1
kill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kill_1
killing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/killing
kilogram,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kilogram
kilometer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kilometer
kind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kind_1
kindly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kindly_1
kindness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kindness
king,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/king
kiss,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kiss_1
kitchen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/kitchen
km,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/km
knee,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/knee_1
knife,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/knife_1
knock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/knock_1
knot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/knot_1
know,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/know_1
knowledge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/knowledge
l,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/l_4
label,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/label_1
labor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/labor_1
laboratory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/laboratory
lack,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lack_1
lacking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lacking
lady,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lady
lake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lake
lamp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lamp
land,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/land_1
landscape,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/landscape_1
lane,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lane
language,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/language
large,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/large
largely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/largely
last 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/last1_1
late,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/late_1
lately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lately
later,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/later_1
latest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/latest_1
latter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/latter
laugh,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/laugh_1
launch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/launch_1
laundry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/laundry
law,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/law
lawyer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lawyer
lay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lay_1
layer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/layer_1
lazy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lazy
lead 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lead1_1
leader,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leader
leading 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leading1
leaf,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leaf_1
league,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/league
lean,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lean_1
learn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/learn
least,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/least_1
leather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leather
leave,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leave_1
lecture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lecture_1
left,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/left_1
leg,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/leg
legal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/legal
lemon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lemon_1
lend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lend
length,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/length
less,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/less_1
lessen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lessen
let,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/let_1
letter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/letter_1
level,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/level_1
liberal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/liberal_1
library,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/library
license,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/license_1
lid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lid
lie 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lie1
life,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/life
lift,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lift_1
light,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/light_1
lightly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lightly
like,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/like_1
likely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/likely_1
limit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/limit_1
limited,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/limited
line,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/line_1
link,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/link_1
lip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lip
liquid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/liquid_1
list,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/list_1
listen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/listen
liter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/liter
literature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/literature
little,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/little_1
live 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/live1
live 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/live2_1
lively,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lively
living,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/living_1
load,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/load_1
loan,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loan_1
local,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/local_1
locate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/locate
location,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/location
lock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lock_1
lock up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lock-up
logic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/logic
logical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/logical
lonely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lonely
long,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/long_1
look,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/look_1
loose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loose_1
loosely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loosely
lord,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lord_1
lose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lose
loss,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loss
lost,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lost
lot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lot_1
loud,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loud_1
love,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/love_1
lover,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lover
low,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/low_1
lower 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lower1_1
loyal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/loyal
luck,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/luck_1
lucky,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lucky
lump,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lump_1
lunch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lunch_1
lung,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/lung
machine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/machine_1
machinery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/machinery
mad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mad
magazine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/magazine
magic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/magic_1
mail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mail_1
main,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/main_1
mainly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mainly
maintain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/maintain
major,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/major_1
majority,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/majority
make,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/make_1
makeup,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/makeup
male,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/male_1
mall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mall
man,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/man_1
manage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manage
management,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/management
manager,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manager
manner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manner
manufacture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manufacture_1
manufacturer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manufacturer
manufacturing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/manufacturing
many,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/many
map,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/map_1
March,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/march_3
march,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/march_1
mark,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mark_1
market,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/market_1
marketing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/marketing
marriage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/marriage
married,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/married
marry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/marry
mass,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mass_1
massive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/massive
master,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/master_1
match,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/match_1
matching,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/matching
mate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mate_1
material,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/material_1
math,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/math
mathematics,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mathematics
matter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/matter_1
maximum,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/maximum_1
May,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/may_2
maybe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/maybe
mayor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mayor
me,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/me_1
meal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meal
mean,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mean_1
meaning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meaning_1
means,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/means
meanwhile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meanwhile
measure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/measure_1
measurement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/measurement
meat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meat
media,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/media
medical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/medical_1
medicine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/medicine
medium,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/medium_1
meet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meet_1
meeting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/meeting
melt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/melt
member,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/member
membership,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/membership
memory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/memory
mental,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mental
mentally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mentally
mention,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mention_1
menu,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/menu
mere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mere
merely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/merely
mess,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mess_1
message,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/message_1
messy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/messy
metal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/metal
method,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/method
mg,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mg
mid-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mid_2
middle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/middle_1
midnight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/midnight
might,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/might_1
mild,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mild
mile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mile
military,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/military_1
milk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/milk_1
milligram,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/milligram
millimeter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/millimeter
mind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mind_1
mine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mine_1
mineral,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mineral
minimum,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/minimum_1
minister,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/minister_1
ministry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ministry
minor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/minor_1
minority,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/minority
minute 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/minute1_1
mirror,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mirror_1
miss,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/miss_1
missing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/missing
mistake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mistake_1
mistaken,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mistaken
mix,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mix_1
mixed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mixed
mixture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mixture
mm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mm_1
mobile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mobile_1
model,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/model_1
modern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/modern
mom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mom
moment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/moment
Monday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/monday
money,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/money
monitor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/monitor_1
month,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/month
mood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mood
moon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/moon_1
moral,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/moral_1
morally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/morally
more,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/more_1
moreover,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/moreover
morning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/morning
most,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/most_1
mostly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mostly
mother,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mother_1
motion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/motion_1
motor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/motor_1
motorcycle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/motorcycle
mount,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mount_1
mountain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mountain
mouse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mouse_1
mouth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mouth_1
move,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/move_1
movement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/movement
movie,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/movie
movie theater,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/movie-theater
moving,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/moving
Mr.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mr
Mrs.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mrs
Ms.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ms_2
much,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/much_1
mud,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mud_1
multiply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/multiply
murder,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/murder_1
muscle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/muscle_1
museum,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/museum
music,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/music
musical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/musical_1
musician,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/musician
must,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/must_1
my,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/my
myself,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/myself
mysterious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mysterious
mystery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/mystery
nail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nail_1
naked,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/naked
name,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/name_1
narrow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/narrow_1
nation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nation
national,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/national_1
native,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/native_1
natural,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/natural_1
naturally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/naturally
nature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nature
navy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/navy
near,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/near_1
nearby,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nearby_2
nearly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nearly
neat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/neat
necessarily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/necessarily
necessary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/necessary
neck,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/neck_1
need,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/need_1
needle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/needle_1
negative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/negative_1
neighbor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/neighbor
neighborhood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/neighborhood
neither,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/neither_1
nephew,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nephew
nerve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nerve_1
nervous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nervous
nest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nest_1
net,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/net_1
network,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/network_1
never,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/never_1
nevertheless,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nevertheless
new,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/new
newly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/newly
news,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/news
newspaper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/newspaper
next,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/next_1
next to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/next-to
nice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nice
nicely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nicely
niece,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/niece
night,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/night
no,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/no_1
nobody,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nobody_1
nod,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nod_1
noise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/noise
noisy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/noisy
non-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/non
none,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/none_1
nonsense,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nonsense
no one,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/no-one
nor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nor
normal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/normal_1
normally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/normally
north,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/north_1
northern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/northern
nose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nose_1
not,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/not
note,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/note_1
nothing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nothing
notice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/notice_1
noticeable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/noticeable
notion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/notion
novel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/novel_1
November,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/november
now,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/now_1
nowhere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nowhere
nuclear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nuclear
number,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/number_1
numerous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/numerous
nurse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nurse_1
nut,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nut
obey,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/obey
object,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/object_1
objective,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/objective_1
observation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/observation
observe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/observe
obtain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/obtain
obvious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/obvious
obviously,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/obviously
occasion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/occasion_1
occasionally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/occasionally
occupied,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/occupied
occupy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/occupy
occur,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/occur
ocean,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ocean
o'clock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/o-clock
October,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/october
odd,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/odd
oddly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/oddly
of,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/of
off,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/off_1
offend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/offend
offensive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/offensive_1
offer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/offer_1
office,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/office
officer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/officer
official,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/official_1
officially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/officially
often,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/often
oh,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/oh_1
oil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/oil_1
OK,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ok_1
old,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/old
old-fashioned,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/old-fashioned
on,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/on_1
once,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/once_1
one,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/one_1
one another,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/one-another
onion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/onion
online,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/online_1
only,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/only_1
onto,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/onto
open,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/open_1
opening,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opening_1
openly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/openly
operate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/operate
operation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/operation
opinion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opinion
opponent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opponent
opportunity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opportunity
oppose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/oppose
opposed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opposed
opposing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opposing
opposite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opposite_1
opposition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/opposition
option,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/option_1
or,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/or_1
orange,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/orange_1
order,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/order_1
ordinary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ordinary
organ,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/organ
organization,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/organization
organize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/organize
organized,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/organized
origin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/origin
original,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/original_1
originally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/originally
other,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/other
otherwise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/otherwise
ought to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ought-to
ounce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ounce
our,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/our
ours,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ours
ourselves,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ourselves
out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/out_1
outdoor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outdoor
outdoors,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outdoors_1
outer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outer
outline,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outline_1
output,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/output_1
outside,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outside_1
outstanding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/outstanding
oven,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/oven
over,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/over_1
overall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/overall_1
overcome,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/overcome
overseas,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/overseas_1
owe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/owe
own,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/own_1
owner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/owner
own up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/own-up
p,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/p_2
pace 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pace1_1
pack,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pack_1
package,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/package_1
page,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/page_1
pain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pain_1
painful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/painful
paint,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/paint_1
painter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/painter
painting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/painting
pair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pair_1
palace,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/palace
pale,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pale_1
pan,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pan_1
panel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/panel_1
pants,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pants
paper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/paper_1
parallel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/parallel_1
parent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/parent
park,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/park_1
parliament,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/parliament
part,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/part_1
participate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/participate
particular,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/particular_1
particularly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/particularly
partly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/partly
partner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/partner_1
partnership,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/partnership
party,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/party_1
pass,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pass_1
passage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/passage
passenger,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/passenger
passing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/passing_1
passion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/passion
passport,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/passport
past,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/past_1
path,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/path
patience,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/patience
patient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/patient_1
pattern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pattern_1
pause,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pause_1
pay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pay_1
pay back,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pay-back
payment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/payment
peace,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/peace
peaceful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/peaceful
peak,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/peak_1
pen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pen_1
penalty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/penalty
pencil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pencil_1
people,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/people_1
pepper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pepper_1
per,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/per
percent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/percent_1
percentage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/percentage
perfect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/perfect_1
perfectly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/perfectly
perform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/perform
performance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/performance
performer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/performer
perhaps,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/perhaps
period,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/period_1
permanent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/permanent_1
permission,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/permission
permit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/permit_1
person,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/person
personal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/personal
personality,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/personality
personally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/personally
perspective,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/perspective
persuade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/persuade
pet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pet_1
phase,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/phase_1
philosophy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/philosophy
phone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/phone_1
photo,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/photo_1
photocopy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/photocopy_1
photograph,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/photograph_1
photographer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/photographer
photography,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/photography
phrase,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/phrase_1
physical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/physical_1
physically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/physically
physics,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/physics
piano,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/piano_1
pick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pick_1
picture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/picture_1
piece,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/piece_1
pig,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pig_1
pile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pile_1
pill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pill_1
pilot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pilot_1
pin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pin_1
pink,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pink_1
pint,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pint
pipe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pipe_1
pitch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pitch_1
place,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/place_1
plain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plain_1
plan,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plan_1
plane,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plane_1
planet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/planet
planning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/planning
plant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plant_1
plastic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plastic_1
plate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plate_1
platform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/platform
play,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/play_1
player,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/player
pleasant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pleasant
please,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/please_1
pleased,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pleased
pleasure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pleasure
plenty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plenty_1
plot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plot_1
plug,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plug_1
plug in,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plug-in_3
plus 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/plus1_1
p.m.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/p-m
pocket,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pocket_1
poem,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poem
poetry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poetry
point,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/point_1
pointed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pointed
poison,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poison_1
poisonous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poisonous
pole,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pole_1
police,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/police_1
policy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/policy
polish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/polish_1
polite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/polite
political,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/political
politically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/politically
politician,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/politician
politics,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/politics
pollution,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pollution
pool,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pool_1
poor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poor
pop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pop_1
popular,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/popular
population,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/population
port,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/port_1
pose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pose_1
position,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/position_1
positive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/positive_1
possess,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/possess
possession,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/possession
possibility,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/possibility
possible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/possible_1
possibly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/possibly
post,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/post_1
post office,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/post-office
pot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pot_1
potato,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/potato
potential,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/potential_1
pound,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pound_1
pour,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pour
poverty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/poverty
powder,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/powder_1
power,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/power_1
powerful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/powerful
practical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/practical
practically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/practically
practice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/practice_1
praise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/praise_1
prayer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prayer
precise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/precise
precisely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/precisely
predict,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/predict
prefer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prefer
preference,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/preference
pregnant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pregnant
premises,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/premises
preparation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/preparation
prepare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prepare
prepared,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prepared
presence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/presence
present,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/present_1
presentation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/presentation
preserve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/preserve_1
president,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/president
press,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/press_1
pressure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pressure_1
presumably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/presumably
pretend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pretend_1
pretty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pretty_1
prevent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prevent
previous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/previous
previously,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/previously
price,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/price_1
pride,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pride_1
priest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/priest
primarily,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/primarily
primary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/primary_1
prime minister,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prime-minister
prince,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prince
princess,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/princess
principal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/principal_1
principle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/principle
print,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/print_1
printer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/printer
prior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prior_1
priority,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/priority
prison,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prison
prisoner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prisoner
private,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/private_1
prize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prize_1
probably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/probably
problem,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/problem_1
procedure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/procedure
proceed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proceed
process 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/process1_1
produce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/produce_1
producer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/producer
product,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/product
production,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/production
profession,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/profession
professional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/professional_1
professor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/professor
profile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/profile_1
profit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/profit_1
progress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/progress_1
project,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/project_1
promise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/promise_1
promote,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/promote
promotion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/promotion
prompt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prompt_1
promptly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/promptly
pronounce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pronounce
pronunciation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pronunciation
proof,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proof_1
proper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proper
property,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/property
proportion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proportion
proposal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proposal
propose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/propose
prospect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prospect_1
protect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/protect
protection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/protection
protest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/protest_1
proud,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proud_1
proudly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/proudly
prove,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/prove
provide,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/provide
provided,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/provided
pt.,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pt_2
public,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/public_1
publication,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/publication
publicity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/publicity
publish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/publish
publishing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/publishing
pull,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pull_1
punch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/punch_1
punish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/punish
punishment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/punishment
purchase,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/purchase_1
pure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pure
purely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/purely
purple,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/purple
purpose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/purpose
pursue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/pursue
push,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/push_1
put,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/put
qualification,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/qualification
qualified,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/qualified
qualify,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/qualify
quality,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quality_1
quantity,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quantity
quarter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quarter_1
queen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/queen
question,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/question_1
quick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quick_1
quickly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quickly
quiet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quiet_1
quite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quite
quote,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/quote_1
race,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/race_1
racing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/racing
radio,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/radio_1
rail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rail_1
railroad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/railroad_1
rain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rain_1
raise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/raise_1
range,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/range_1
rank,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rank_1
rapid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rapid
rare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rare
rarely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rarely
rate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rate_1
rather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rather
raw,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/raw_1
re-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/re
reach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reach_1
react,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/react
reaction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reaction
read,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/read_1
reader,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reader
reading,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reading
ready,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ready_1
real,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/real_1
realistic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/realistic
reality,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reality
realize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/realize
really,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/really
rear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rear_1
reason,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reason_1
reasonable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reasonable
reasonably,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reasonably
recall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recall_1
receipt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/receipt
receive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/receive
recent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recent
recently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recently
reception,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reception
recognition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recognition
recognize,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recognize
recommend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recommend
recommendation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recommendation
record,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/record_1
recording,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recording
recover,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recover
recovery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/recovery
red,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/red_1
reduce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reduce
reduction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reduction
refer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/refer
reference,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reference_1
reflect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reflect
reform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reform_1
refrigerator,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/refrigerator
refusal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/refusal
refuse 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/refuse1
regard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regard_1
regarding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regarding
region,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/region
regional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regional
register,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/register_1
regret,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regret_1
regular,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regular_1
regularly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regularly
regulation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/regulation_1
reject,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reject_1
relate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relate
related,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/related
relation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relation
relationship,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relationship
relative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relative_1
relatively,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relatively
relax,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relax
relaxed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relaxed
relaxing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relaxing
release,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/release_1
relevant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relevant
relief,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/relief
religion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/religion
religious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/religious
rely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rely
remain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remain
remaining,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remaining
remains,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remains
remark,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remark_1
remarkable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remarkable
remember,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remember
remind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remind
remote,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remote_1
removal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/removal
remove,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/remove_1
rent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rent_1
repair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/repair_1
repeat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/repeat_1
repeated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/repeated
replace,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/replace
reply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reply_1
report,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/report_1
reporter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reporter
represent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/represent
representative,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/representative_1
reproduce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reproduce
reputation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reputation
request,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/request_1
require,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/require
requirement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/requirement
rescue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rescue_1
research,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/research_2
reservation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reservation
reserve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reserve_1
resident,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resident_1
resist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resist
resistance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resistance
resolve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resolve_1
resort,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resort_1
resource,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/resource_1
respect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/respect_1
respond,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/respond
response,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/response
responsibility,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/responsibility
responsible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/responsible
rest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rest_1
restaurant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/restaurant
restore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/restore
restrict,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/restrict
restricted,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/restricted
restriction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/restriction
result,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/result_1
retain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/retain
retire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/retire
retired,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/retired
retirement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/retirement
return,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/return_1
reveal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reveal
reverse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reverse_1
review,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/review_1
revise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/revise
revision,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/revision
revolution,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/revolution
reward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/reward_1
rhythm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rhythm
rice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rice
rich,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rich
rid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rid
ride,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ride_1
rider,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rider
ridiculous,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ridiculous
riding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/riding
right,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/right_1
rightly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rightly
ring 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ring1_1
rise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rise_1
risk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/risk_1
rival,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rival_1
river,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/river
road,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/road
rob,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rob
rock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rock_1
role,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/role
roll,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/roll_1
romantic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/romantic_1
roof,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/roof_1
room,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/room_1
root,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/root_1
rope,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rope_1
rose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rose_2
rough,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rough_1
roughly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/roughly
round,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/round_1
route,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/route_1
routine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/routine_1
row,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/row_1
royal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/royal_1
rub,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rub_1
rubber,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rubber
rude,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rude
rudely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rudely
ruin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ruin_1
ruined,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ruined
rule,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rule_1
ruler,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ruler
rumor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rumor_1
run,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/run_1
runner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/runner
running,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/running_1
rural,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rural
rush,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/rush_1
sack,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sack_1
sad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sad_2
sadly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sadly
sadness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sadness
safe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/safe_1
safely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/safely
safety,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/safety
sail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sail_1
sailing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sailing
sailor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sailor
salad,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/salad
salary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/salary
sale,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sale
salt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/salt_1
salty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/salty
same,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/same_1
sample,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sample_1
sand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sand_1
satisfaction,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/satisfaction
satisfied,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/satisfied
satisfy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/satisfy
satisfying,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/satisfying
Saturday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/saturday
sauce,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sauce
save,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/save_1
saving,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/saving
say,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/say_1
scale,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scale_1
scare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scare_1
scared,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scared
scary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scary
scene,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scene
schedule,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/schedule_1
school,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/school_1
science,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/science
scientific,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scientific
scientist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scientist
scissors,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scissors
score,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/score_1
scratch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scratch_1
scream,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/scream_1
screen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/screen_1
screw,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/screw_1
sea,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sea
seal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seal_1
search,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/search_1
season,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/season_1
seat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seat_1
second,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/second_1
secondary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/secondary
secret,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/secret_1
secretary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/secretary
section,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/section_1
sector,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sector
secure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/secure_1
security,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/security
see,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/see_1
seed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seed_1
seek,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seek
seem,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seem
select,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/select_1
selection,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/selection
self,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/self_1
self-,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/self_2
sell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sell_1
semester,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/semester
senate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/senate
senator,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/senator
send,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/send
senior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/senior_1
sense,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sense_1
sensible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sensible
sensitive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sensitive
sentence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sentence_1
separate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/separate_1
separated,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/separated
separately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/separately
separation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/separation
September,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/september
series,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/series
serious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/serious
seriously,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/seriously
servant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/servant
serve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/serve_1
service,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/service_1
session,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/session
set,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/set_1
settle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/settle_1
several,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/several_1
severe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/severe
sew,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sew
sex,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sex_1
sexual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sexual
shade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shade_1
shadow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shadow_1
shake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shake_1
shall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shall
shallow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shallow
shame,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shame_1
shape,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shape_1
shaped,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shaped
share,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/share_1
sharp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sharp_1
sharply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sharply
shave,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shave_1
she,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/she_1
sheep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sheep
sheet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sheet
shelf,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shelf
shell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shell_1
shelter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shelter_1
shift,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shift_1
shine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shine_1
shiny,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shiny
ship,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ship_1
shirt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shirt
shock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shock_1
shocking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shocking
shoe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shoe_1
shoot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shoot_1
shooting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shooting
shop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shop_1
shopping,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shopping
short,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/short_1
shortly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shortly
shot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shot_1
should,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/should
shoulder,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shoulder_1
shout,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shout_1
show,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/show_1
shower,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shower_1
shut,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shut_1
shut down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shut-down
shy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/shy_1
sick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sick_1
side,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/side_1
sideways,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sideways
sight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sight_1
sign,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sign_1
signal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/signal_1
signature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/signature
significant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/significant
significantly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/significantly
silence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/silence_1
silent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/silent
silk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/silk
silly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/silly_1
silver,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/silver_1
similar,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/similar
similarly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/similarly
simple,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/simple
simply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/simply
since,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/since_1
sincere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sincere
sincerely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sincerely
sing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sing
singer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/singer
singing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/singing
single,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/single_1
sink,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sink_1
sir,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sir
sister,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sister
sit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sit
sit down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sit-down_2
site,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/site_1
situation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/situation
size,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/size_1
skill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/skill
skilled,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/skilled
skillful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/skillful
skin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/skin_1
skirt,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/skirt_1
sky,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sky_1
sleep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sleep_1
sleeve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sleeve
slice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slice_1
slide,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slide_1
slight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slight_1
slightly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slightly
slip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slip_1
slope,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slope_1
slow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slow_1
slowly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/slowly
small,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/small_1
smart,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smart_1
smash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smash_1
smell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smell_1
smile,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smile_1
smoke,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smoke_1
smoking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smoking
smooth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smooth_1
smoothly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/smoothly
snake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/snake_1
snow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/snow_1
so,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/so_1
soap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soap_1
social,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/social_1
society,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/society
sock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sock_1
soft,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soft
softly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/softly
software,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/software
soil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soil_1
soldier,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soldier_1
solid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/solid_1
solution,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/solution
solve,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/solve
some,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/some_1
somebody,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/somebody
somehow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/somehow
something,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/something_1
sometimes,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sometimes
somewhat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/somewhat
somewhere,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/somewhere
son,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/son
song,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/song
soon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soon
sore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sore_1
sorry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sorry_1
sort,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sort_1
soul,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soul
sound,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sound_1
soup,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/soup_1
sour,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sour_1
source,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/source_1
south,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/south_1
southern,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/southern
space,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/space_1
spare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spare_1
speak,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/speak_1
speaker,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/speaker
special,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/special_1
specialist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/specialist
specially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/specially
species,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/species
specific,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/specific
specifically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/specifically
speech,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/speech
speed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/speed_1
speed up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/speed-up
spell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spell_1
spelling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spelling
spend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spend
spice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spice_1
spicy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spicy
spider,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spider
spill,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spill_1
spin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spin_1
spirit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spirit_1
spiritual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spiritual_1
spite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spite_1
split,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/split_1
split up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/split-up
spoil,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spoil_1
spoken,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spoken_1
spoon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spoon_1
sport,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sport_1
spot,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spot_1
spray,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spray_1
spread,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spread_1
spring,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/spring_1
square,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/square_1
squeeze,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/squeeze_1
stable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stable_1
staff,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/staff_1
stage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stage_1
stair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stair
stamp,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stamp_1
stand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stand_1
standard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/standard_1
stand up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stand-up_3
star,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/star_1
stare,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stare_1
start,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/start_1
start up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/start-up_3
state,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/state_1
statement,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/statement
station,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/station_1
statue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/statue
status,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/status
stay,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stay_1
steady,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steady_1
steal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steal_1
steam,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steam_1
steel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steel_1
steep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steep_1
steer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/steer_1
step,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/step_1
stick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stick_1
stick out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stick-out
stick together,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stick-together
sticky,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sticky_1
stiff,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stiff_1
still,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/still_1
sting,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sting_1
stir,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stir_1
stock,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stock_1
stomach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stomach_1
stone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stone_1
stop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stop_1
store,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/store_1
storm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/storm_1
story,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/story
stove,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stove
straight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/straight_1
strain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strain_1
strange,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strange
strangely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strangely
stranger,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stranger
strategy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strategy
stream,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stream_1
street,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/street_1
strength,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strength
stress,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stress_1
stressed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stressed
stretch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stretch_1
strict,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strict
strictly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strictly
strike,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strike_1
striking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/striking
string,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/string_1
strip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strip_1
stripe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stripe
striped,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/striped
stroke,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stroke_1
strong,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/strong
structure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/structure_1
struggle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/struggle_1
student,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/student
studio,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/studio
study,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/study_1
stuff,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stuff_1
stupid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/stupid_1
style,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/style_1
subject,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/subject_1
substance,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/substance
substantial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/substantial
substantially,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/substantially
substitute,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/substitute_1
succeed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/succeed
success,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/success
successful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/successful
such,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/such
suck,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suck_1
sudden,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sudden
suddenly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suddenly
suffer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suffer
suffering,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suffering
sufficient,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sufficient
sugar,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sugar_1
suggest,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suggest
suggestion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suggestion
suit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suit_1
suitable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suitable
sum,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sum_1
summary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/summary_1
summer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/summer_1
sun,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sun_1
Sunday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sunday
superior,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/superior_1
supermarket,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/supermarket
supply,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/supply_1
support,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/support_1
supporter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/supporter
suppose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suppose
sure,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sure_1
surely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surely
surface,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surface_1
surgery,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surgery
surprise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surprise_1
surprised,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surprised
surprising,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surprising
surround,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surround_1
surrounding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surrounding
surroundings,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/surroundings
survey,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/survey_1
survive,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/survive
suspect,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suspect_2
suspicion,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suspicion
suspicious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/suspicious
swallow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swallow_1
swear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swear
sweat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sweat_1
sweater,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sweater
sweep,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sweep_1
sweet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sweet_1
swell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swell_1
swelling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swelling
swim,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swim_1
swimming,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swimming
swimming pool,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swimming-pool
swing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swing_1
switch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/switch_1
swollen,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/swollen
symbol,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/symbol
sympathetic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sympathetic
sympathy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/sympathy
system,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/system
table,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/table_1
tablet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tablet
tackle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tackle_1
tail,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tail_1
take,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/take_1
tale,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tale
talent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/talent
talk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/talk_1
tall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tall
tank,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tank_1
tap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tap_1
tape,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tape_1
target,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/target_1
task,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/task_1
taste,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/taste_1
tax,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tax_1
taxi,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/taxi_1
tea,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tea
teach,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/teach
teacher,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/teacher
teaching,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/teaching
team,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/team_1
tear 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tear1_1
tear 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tear2
technical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/technical
technique,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/technique
technology,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/technology
telephone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/telephone_1
television,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/television
tell,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tell
tell off,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tell-off
temperature,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/temperature
temporary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/temporary
tend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tend
tendency,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tendency
tension,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tension_1
tent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tent
term,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/term_1
terrible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/terrible
terribly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/terribly
territory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/territory
terror,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/terror
terrorism,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/terrorism
terrorist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/terrorist
test,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/test_1
text,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/text_1
than,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/than
thank,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thank
thanks,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thanks_1
thank you,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thank-you_1
that,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/that_1
the,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/the
theater,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/theater
their,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/their
theirs,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/theirs
them,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/them
theme,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/theme_1
themselves,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/themselves
then,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/then_1
theory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/theory
there,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/there_1
therefore,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/therefore
they,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/they
thick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thick_1
thickly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thickly
thickness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thickness
thief,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thief
thin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thin_1
thing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thing
think,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/think_1
thinking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thinking_1
thirsty,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thirsty
this,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/this_1
thorough,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thorough
thoroughly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thoroughly
though,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/though_1
thought,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thought
thread,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thread_1
threat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/threat
threaten,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/threaten
threatening,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/threatening
throat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/throat
through,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/through_1
throughout,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/throughout
throw,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/throw_1
thumb,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thumb_1
Thursday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thursday
thus,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/thus
ticket,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ticket_1
tie,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tie_1
tight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tight_1
tightly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tightly
till,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/till_1
time,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/time_1
timetable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/timetable
tin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tin
tiny,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tiny
tip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tip_1
tire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tire_1
tired,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tired
tiring,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tiring
title,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/title_1
to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/to_1
today,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/today_1
toe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/toe_1
together,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/together_1
toilet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/toilet
tomato,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tomato
tomorrow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tomorrow_1
ton,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ton
tone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tone_1
tongue,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tongue_1
tonight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tonight_1
too,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/too
tool,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tool_1
tooth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tooth
top,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/top_1
topic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/topic
total,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/total_1
totally,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/totally
touch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/touch_1
tough,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tough_1
tour,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tour_1
tourist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tourist
toward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/toward
towel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/towel_1
tower,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tower_1
town,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/town
toy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/toy_1
trace,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trace_1
track,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/track_1
trade,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trade_1
tradition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tradition
traditional,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/traditional
traffic,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/traffic_1
train,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/train_1
training,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/training
transfer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transfer_1
transform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transform
transition,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transition
translate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/translate
translation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/translation
transparent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transparent
transport,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transport_1
transportation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/transportation
trap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trap_1
trash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trash_1
travel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/travel_1
traveler,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/traveler
treat,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/treat_1
treatment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/treatment
tree,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tree
trend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trend_1
trial,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trial
triangle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/triangle
trick,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trick_1
trip,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trip_1
troop,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/troop_1
tropical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tropical
trouble,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trouble_1
truck,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/truck_1
true,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/true_1
truly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/truly
trust,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/trust_1
truth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/truth
try,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/try_1
try out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/try-out
tube,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tube
Tuesday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tuesday
tune,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tune_1
tunnel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tunnel_1
turn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/turn_1
turn around,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/turn-around
turn back,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/turn-back
TV,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/tv
twice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/twice
twin,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/twin_1
twist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/twist_1
twisted,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/twisted
type,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/type_1
typical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/typical
typically,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/typically
ugly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ugly
ultimate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ultimate_1
ultimately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/ultimately
umbrella,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/umbrella
unable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unable
unacceptable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unacceptable
uncertain,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/uncertain
uncle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/uncle
uncomfortable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/uncomfortable
unconscious,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unconscious_1
uncontrolled,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/uncontrolled
under,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/under_1
underground,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/underground_1
underneath,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/underneath_1
understand,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/understand
understanding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/understanding_1
underwater,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/underwater
underwear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/underwear
undo,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/undo
unemployed,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unemployed
unemployment,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unemployment
unexpected,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unexpected
unfair,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unfair
unfortunate,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unfortunate_1
unfortunately,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unfortunately
unfriendly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unfriendly
unhappy,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unhappy
uniform,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/uniform_1
unimportant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unimportant
union,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/union
unique,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unique
unit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unit
unite,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unite
united,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/united
universal,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/universal
universe,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/universe
university,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/university
unkind,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unkind
unknown,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unknown_1
unless,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unless
unlike,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unlike_1
unlikely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unlikely
unload,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unload
unlucky,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unlucky
unnecessary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unnecessary
unpleasant,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unpleasant
unreasonable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unreasonable
unsteady,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unsteady
unsuccessful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unsuccessful
until,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/until
unusual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unusual
unusually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unusually
unwilling,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/unwilling
up,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/up_1
upon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upon
upper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upper_1
upset,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upset_1
upside down,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upside-down
upstairs,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upstairs_2
upward,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/upward_1
urban,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/urban
urge,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/urge_1
urgent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/urgent
us,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/us
use,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/use_2
used 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/used1
used 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/used2
used to,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/used-to
useful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/useful
useless,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/useless
user,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/user
usual,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/usual
usually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/usually
vacation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vacation_1
valid,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/valid
valley,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/valley
valuable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/valuable
value,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/value_1
van,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/van
variation,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/variation
varied,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/varied
variety,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/variety
various,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/various
vary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vary
vast,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vast
vegetable,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vegetable
vehicle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vehicle
venture,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/venture_1
version,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/version
vertical,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vertical_1
very,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/very_1
via,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/via
victim,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/victim
victory,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/victory
video,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/video
view,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/view_1
violence,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/violence
violent,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/violent
violently,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/violently
virtually,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/virtually
virus,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/virus
visible,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/visible
vision,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vision
visit,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/visit_1
visitor,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/visitor
vital,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vital
vocabulary,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vocabulary
voice,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/voice_1
volume,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/volume
vote,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/vote_1
wage,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wage_1
waist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/waist
wait,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wait_1
waiter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/waiter
wake,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wake_1
walk,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/walk_1
walking,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/walking_1
wall,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wall_1
wallet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wallet
wander,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wander_1
want,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/want_1
war,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/war
warm,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/warm_1
warmth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/warmth
warn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/warn
warning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/warning
wash,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wash_1
waste,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/waste_1
watch,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/watch_1
water,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/water_1
wave,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wave_1
way,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/way_1
we,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/we
weak,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weak
weakness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weakness
wealth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wealth
weapon,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weapon
wear,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wear_1
wear away,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wear-away
wear out,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wear-out_1
weather,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weather_1
web,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/web
Web site,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/web-site
wedding,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wedding
Wednesday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wednesday
week,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/week
weekend,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weekend_1
weekly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weekly_1
weigh,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weigh
weight,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weight_1
weird,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/weird_1
welcome,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/welcome_1
well,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/well_1
well-known,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/well-known
west,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/west_1
western,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/western_1
wet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wet_1
what,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/what
whatever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whatever_1
wheel,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wheel_1
when,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/when_1
whenever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whenever_1
where,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/where_1
whereas,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whereas
wherever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wherever_1
whether,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whether
which,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/which
while,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/while_1
whisper,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whisper_1
whistle,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whistle_1
white,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/white_1
who,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/who_2
whoever,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whoever
whole,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whole_1
whom,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whom
whose,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/whose
why,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/why_1
wide,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wide_1
widely,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/widely
width,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/width
wife,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wife
wild,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wild_1
wildly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wildly
will,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/will_1
willing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/willing
win,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/win_1
wind 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wind1_1
wind 2,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wind2
window,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/window
wine,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wine_1
wing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wing_1
winner,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/winner
winning,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/winning
winter,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/winter_1
wire,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wire_1
wise,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wise_1
wish,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wish_1
with,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/with
withdraw,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/withdraw
within,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/within_1
without,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/without_1
witness,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/witness_1
woman,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/woman
wonder,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wonder_1
wonderful,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wonderful
wood,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wood
wooden,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wooden
wool,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wool
word,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/word_1
work,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/work_1
worker,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worker
working,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/working_1
world,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/world
worried,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worried
worry,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worry_1
worrying,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worrying
worse,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worse_1
worship,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worship_1
worst,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worst_1
worth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/worth_1
would,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/would
wound 1,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wound1_1
wounded,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wounded
wrap,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wrap_1
wrist,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wrist
write,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/write
writer,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/writer
writing,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/writing
written,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/written
wrong,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wrong_1
wrongly,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/wrongly
yard,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yard
yawn,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yawn_1
yeah,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yeah
year,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/year
yellow,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yellow_1
yes,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yes_1
yesterday,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yesterday_1
yet,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yet_1
you,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/you
young,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/young_1
your,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/your
yours,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yours
yourself,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/yourself
youth,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/youth
zero,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/zero_1
zone,http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/zone_1
